okay so it seems everybody's having
problems with the PlayStation Move
controller arm in game you can't seem
new I could begin to recognize your move
controller or even calibrate it but for
some reason it seems to work in the XMB
menu so what I'm going to do enter
Turner on right now as you can see it's
going to start up PlayStation starts up
pulled in the game right now I'm going
to use Sports Champions just because and
this is how to fix it okay so it's
curtain up now obviously now just for
future references I don't know for me it
was just me or anybody else but uh
PlayStation Move wheel after I first
used it is when my problem started
happening with my PlayStation Move
controller I never had a problem this is
the second one I bought after using it
with the PlayStation Move racing wheel
it doesn't seem to work for playing
games now as you can see it does still
work for navigating the menu like
everybody else you can recalibrate it
from across from menu bar what I'm going
to do is just show you how to get this
to work so we're going to do is a stereo
Sports Champions of course the game
loads all those current crap yeah yeah
um when you get to where it asks you to
you know set this up in the game menu is
where everybody's having problems
nothing no matter what you do will get
it to recognize your mood controller
here's how to fix it okay so game
starting up sorry about the video
quality obviously I'm not much of a
youtuber so you'll get the just of it
and I'm pretty sure this will work for
you what's for everyone else who has the
same problems I do
so again starting up alright okay and
this is where everybody has a problem so
put flashing controller at the
PlayStation Move I hit the PlayStation
Move button which is your someone in the
trigger button obviously your trigger
and like everybody else it's not going
to work you'll have this every single
time
calibration failed calibration field
[Music]
calibration failed what else isn't in so
here's how to fix it
I hit try again
so what you do point your move
controller right in front of your
PlayStation Move I put an inch away just
about an inch away fit your move see if
I can get this you can see what I'm
doing here to the move button and the
trigger button there we go it works
perfect and you'll have to do this every
game um every time you start a new game
you'll see obviously you'll work through
it but that's how to get it to recognize
your move controller now any part in the
game you can move to wherever your
favorite position is standing sitting on
the bed upside down whatever the hell
who cares it will work now you can
calibrate your motion controller see
there's no problem
it was a help so as you can see it works
it's perfectly lined up nothing wrong um
I don't know what the problem is
I play station know about this and how
to fix it so anyone who calls in with
the same problem should be able to fix
it now I just figured I'd create a video
because well hey I figured it out why
not so anyway so whether this works for
you or not no please post a comment um
you know whether it works for you or not
or it doesn't work for anyone and it
just seems to read me and my luck I'll
remove the video happy gaming
[Music]